China and Russia agreed to a major 30-year natural gas deal on Wednesday that would send gas from Siberia by pipeline to China, according to the China National Petroleum Corporation.
The announcement caps a decade-long negotiation and helps bring Russia and China closer than they have been in many years. The contract was driven to a conclusion by the presence in Shanghai over the last two days of President Xi Jinping of China and President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia.
The notice posted on the C.N.P.C. website said that beginning in 2018, Russia would supply 38 billion cubic meters of natural gas each year to China. China would build the pipeline within its own borders, while Russia would be responsible for the development of the fields and pipeline construction inside Russia, the notice said.
The notice said the main Russian fields that would supply the gas are Irkutsk Kovyktinskoye and Chayandinskoye.
President Vladimir V. Putin was greeted by President Xi Jinping in Shanghai during his visit to China.Ukraine Crisis Pushing Putin Toward ChinaMAY 19, 2014
The notice did not mention price, but experts said that hard bargaining by China for a lower price than European countries were paying for Russian natural gas was at the core of the negotiations.
The deal was expected to be worth about $400 billion, said James Henderson, senior analyst at the Oxford Institute for Energy Studies.
The document was signed in the presence of Mr. Putin and Mr. Xi, said the Russian news agency Itar-Tass.
Just when it looked as if the Indiana Pacers might have buried the memory of their mysterious bouts of performance dysfunction, they were reminded of an equally unpleasant reality of their Eastern Conference semifinal against Miami.
LeBron James, the best player in the world, plays for the other guys. And his sidekick, Dwyane Wade, seems to be at his healthiest after missing 28 games during the regular season.
After allowing others on both teams to make signature plays over three quarters, James erupted in the fourth for 12 of his 22 points, and Wade added 10 of his team-high 23 in carrying the Heat to a series-leveling 87-83 victory over the Pacers in Game 2 at Bankers Life Fieldhouse.
Game 3 will be played Saturday in Miami.
With the game in the balance, James and Wade combined to score 20 consecutive points, with James erupting for 9 straight and setting up two more with a steal during an 11-2 run that turned a 73-69 Pacers lead into an 80-75 deficit with 3 minutes 17 seconds to play.
“That’s why they’re the $100 million guys,” said the Heat’s backup point guard, Norris Cole, who had 11 points and contributed harassing defense as the Heat held the Pacers to 40 percent shooting.
After Indianapolis’s day got off to a deflating start with the denial of the city’s bid for the 2018 Super Bowl, James made it a total washout with 22 points, 7 rebounds and 6 assists, shredding Indiana’s normally stout defense in almost every imaginable way in the second half.
He penetrated the lane and kicked the ball out to open jump shooters. He slipped away from defenders and moved without the ball for uncontested layups. He hit spirit-crushing jumpers and made the biggest steal of the game, with a strip of George Hill that culminated with Wade putting back James’s missed layup for that 80-75 lead.
Many people have both laptop computers and tablets and use them for different tasks. Microsoft on Tuesday redoubled its vision that the two devices should be one and the same, introducing a new version of its Surface tablet with a larger screen.
The company’s new product, the Surface Pro 3, has a 12-inch screen, larger than many small laptop screens. The more spacious screen reflects a sharpening of Microsoft’s belief that it can still distinguish itself in the tablet market, where it is currently an also-ran, with a device that meets professional and personal needs.
Satya Nadella, the new chief executive of Microsoft, has sought to set a new tone.Microsoft’s Profit Dips Less Than Expected as It Reshapes ItselfAPRIL 24, 2014
“Culturally, I think we have operated as if we had the formula figured out, and it was all about optimizing, in its various constituent parts, the formula. Now it is about discovering the new formula.”Corner Office: Satya Nadella, Chief of Microsoft, on His New RoleFEB. 20, 2014
Microsoft argues that current tablets, most notably the iPad, are great for watching movies and other forms of entertainment or reading, but are far weaker when it comes to getting work done. The company’s proposition is that the Surface can do both well. A bigger display, Microsoft argues, will let people look at more than one application on their screens at the same time — like email and a word processor — as they can on their laptops.
“We want products and technology that enable people to dream and get stuff done,” Satya Nadella, the chief executive of Microsoft, said at an event in New York.
This has been Microsoft’s approach since it introduced the original Surface in 2012, however. Earlier Surface versions had a 10.6-inch screen, larger than those on most other tablets.
Microsoft has won praise from many quarters for the design of the Surface, including a cover that also doubles as a laptoplike keyboard and track pad. Critics of Surface say a hybrid device forces too many design compromises. Timothy D. Cook, the chief executive of Apple, once said in reference to the Surface that “you can converge a toaster and refrigerator, but these things are probably not going to be pleasing to the user.”